PSQLADM-522 Documentation and release notes for ProxySQL 2.6.5 (#119)
percona/proxysql-admin-tool-doc: docs/2.6.5.md

You can [download the original ProxySQL from GitHub](https://github.com/sysown/proxysql/releases). The [ProxySQL documentation](https://proxysql.com/documentation/) provides information on installing and running ProxySQL.

The [ProxySQL Admin (proxysql-admin)](proxysql-admin-tool-v2-config.md) tool simplifies the configuration of Percona XtraDB Cluster nodes with ProxySQL. [ProxySQL Admin 1](proxysql-v1.md) requires custom `Bash` scripts to track the status of a Percona XtraDB Cluster. [ProxySQL Admin 2](proxysql-admin-tool-functions.md) supports Percona XtraDB Cluster without custom scripts.

The [ProxySQL 2 and pxc_scheduler_handler](psh-overview.md) tool can automatically perform a failover due to node failures, service degradation, or maintenance. The pxc_scheduler_handler tool has different features and capabilities than ProxySQL admin. Do not use the options from one tool in the other tool. Mixing the options may cause unintended results.

## Release highlights

> Compared to the previous [ProxySQL 2.6.3 release], this release includes all improvements and bug fixes available in [ProxySQL 2.6.4] and [ProxySQL 2.6.5].

Reviewer: The [ProxySQL 2.6.5] link does not work

You can [download the original ProxySQL from GitHub](https://github.com/sysown/proxysql/releases). The [ProxySQL documentation](https://proxysql.com/documentation/) provides information on installing and running ProxySQL.

The [ProxySQL Admin (proxysql-admin)](proxysql-admin-tool-v2-config.md) tool simplifies the configuration of Percona XtraDB Cluster nodes with ProxySQL. [ProxySQL Admin 1](proxysql-v1.md) requires custom `Bash` scripts to track the status of a Percona XtraDB Cluster. [ProxySQL Admin 2](proxysql-admin-tool-functions.md) supports Percona XtraDB Cluster without custom scripts.

The [ProxySQL 2 and pxc_scheduler_handler](psh-overview.md) tool can automatically perform a failover due to node failures, service degradation, or maintenance. The pxc_scheduler_handler tool has different features and capabilities than ProxySQL admin. Do not use the options from one tool in the other tool. Mixing the options may cause unintended results.

## Release highlights

Compared to the previous [ProxySQL 2.6.3 release], this release includes all improvements and bug fixes available in [ProxySQL 2.6.4] and [ProxySQL 2.6.5].

> In this release, we are skipping ProxySQL 2.6.04. We are releasing ProxySQL 2.6.5, which is the latest ProxySQL release. This decision ensures that you receive the most up-to-date features and improvements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this release, we are skipping ProxySQL 2.6.4. We are releasing ProxySQL 2.6.5, which is the latest ProxySQL release. This decision ensures that you receive the most up-to-date features and improvements.
```

* Upgraded OpenSSL to version 3.3.1.

* Added compatibility for Ubuntu 24 and Fedora 40.

* The system now correctly handles the `USE` command when it ends with a semicolon. It removes any trailing semicolon automatically. Additionally, the system will now return an error if someone tries to use the USE command as part of a multi-statement query.

* In versions 2.5.2 through 2.6.4, the `stats_mysql_query_digest.digest` feature generated lowercase output when it should have been uppercase.

## Bug fixes

> * [PSQLADM-518](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PSQLADM-518): Adds a systemd unit that runs ProxySQL with the `--initial` flag, ensuring ProxySQL starts automatically on system boot and restarts after a system exit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [PSQLADM-518](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PSQLADM-518): Adds a systemd unit `proxysql-initial.service` that can be used to re-initialize ProxySQL from the config file (after first startup the DB file is used instead of the config file). For usage, please refer to [this link](https://proxysql.com/documentation/getting-started/#:~:text=Reinitializing%20ProxySQL%20from%20the%20config%20file)
```
